README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT
- Create react app
- Configure TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- SignUp Form
- Form Validation
- useRef hook
- Firbase Setup
- Deploy our app to production usig firebase
- Create signup user account on firebase
- Implement SignIn user account on firebase
- Created redux store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign out
- Update profile
- BugFix: Signup user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: If the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to login page and vice-versa
- Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants files
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create MovieSlice
- Update store with movies Data
- Fetch Data for trailer video
- Update store with trailer video data
- Embedded Youtube video and make it autoplay and mute

# Features
- Login/Sign Up
    - Sign In/Sign Up Form
    - redirect to Browse page
- Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Trailer in background
        - Title & Description
        - Movie Suggestions
            - Movie list * N
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

Secondary Container with movie list with various categories data

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT
- Create react app
- Configure TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- SignUp Form
- Form Validation
- useRef hook
- Firbase Setup
- Deploy our app to production usig firebase
- Create signup user account on firebase
- Implement SignIn user account on firebase
- Created redux store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign out
- Update profile
- BugFix: Signup user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: If the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to login page and vice-versa
- Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants files
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create MovieSlice
- Update store with movies Data
- Fetch Data for trailer video
- Update store with trailer video data
- Embedded Youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Custom hooks for top-rated, popular, upcoming movies
- Update store with new movie category lists and populate
- Build Movie List and Movie Card

# Features
- Login/Sign Up
    - Sign In/Sign Up Form
    - redirect to Browse page
- Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Trailer in background
        - Title & Description
        - Movie Suggestions
            - Movie list * N
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions
